- Previously on
"Superman and Lois"...
- I was there the night
that that thing came,
and I saw what happened
to your dad.
- Jordan told me
everything about your dad
and who he really is.
- Sell me your farm,
you get $10 million.
- It's a lot of money
to turn down.
- It's nothing compared
to what you sacrificed.
- Aidy thinks I'm Superman,
and I'm pretty sure
she's not the only one.
[soft dramatic music]
When I first started out
as Superman in Metropolis,
being a hero was easy.
Excuse me, do you know
where Milledge Avenue is?
[tires squealing]
In a big city like that,
I could disappear
at a moment's notice.
And I was just
another face in the crowd.
In Smallville,
I was just Clark Kent.
Why would anyone
suspect otherwise?
[screaming, robbers shouting]
♪ ♪
But then I died.
And some people saw
something, something that
raised questions about me.
- Breaking news out of
Metropolis this afternoon.
- A 1974 Model Helbing 562
twin-engine passenger aircraft
originating from Milwaukee
and en route to Atlanta
has blown both engines
just after takeoff.
- Oh, um, you know what?
I think I--I left
my wallet in the car.
I'll be right back.
[doorbell dings]
- To keep you up to date
on any new developments.
♪ ♪
The 50-year-old aircraft
was due
to retire next month
after failing
multiple safety inspections.
- Hold on there, Brian.
It appears Superman has
arrived just in time.
- Thanks, Isabel.
Once again, Superman
arrives to save the day
and save countless lives.
- Found it.
[chuckles]
- Investigators to the scene
to determine what caused this.
- You're back already?
- I just went
to the parking lot.
- Right, yes. Yeah, um.
That is $15.46.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- You have got to be
kidding me.
How did I miss step 27?
- Maybe we can help?
- Does it look
like I need help?
- You're doing great, Mom.
- No, you don't need help.
- This is supposed to be a
nice gift for Chrissy and Kyle.
- Oh, everything okay?
- Of course everything's okay.
Is everything okay with you?
- Yeah, yeah. No, I'm good.
Just making some progress
on my list.
- You mean your
"convince everyone
you're not Superman" list?
- Look, too many people
are getting suspicious.
We gotta put the genie
back in the bottle
before it's too late,
so I'm crossing Denise Olowe
off my list, which
just leaves Aidy Manning and--
both:
Coach Gaines.
- Yeah, he's next.
The secret's very important,
so we all have to do
whatever it takes.
- Well, good luck with that.
We're gonna go see a movie.
- Any news on Luthor?
- He just went back to his
old apartment in Metropolis.
- He should be in prison.
Has John Henry
gotten Otis to talk?
- Not yet, but he says
it's just a matter of time.
- He better hurry.
The last time Luthor
went this quiet,
he created a monster that
literally killed you.
[pensive music]
- Just imagine it.
It has multiple rooms, laundry
that doesn't require quarters.
- Oh, look at that.
A backyard for
family barbecues.
- And we can have
an actual nursery.
- Mm-hmm.
- Our baby deserves
a nursery, Kyle.
- Yeah.
- This house is just perfect.
- Well, how much
does perfect cost?
Oh.
Oh, well, that is--
- Totally out of our budget.
I know.
I shouldn't have even
been looking at it.
- No, no. Hey.
Look, you and I, we--
we need a perfect house
because we're about to have
a perfect baby.
- [chuckles]
- So if this is the one,
then we'll figure out
a way to make it work, okay?
- Okay.
- Hey, Coach.
- Hey, hey, Kent.
You here to accept
my job offer?
It's a pretty good salary
for an assistant coach.
But a guy like you is worth it.
- I'm afraid I have to decline.
- Is this about the boys
not playing?
Because I'm working on that.
- You can stop working on it.
And I didn't entirely
appreciate the girls comment.
It's not really a reason
someone should play football.
- Who said anything
about girls?
I simply said that football is
a super way to build character,
which your boys are gonna need
if they're gonna follow
in their father's footsteps.
- Well, frankly, the last time
Jonathan was on the team,
he took drugs, so.
- I don't think he needed them.
- I don't think
anybody needs drugs.
- [whispers]
You know what I mean.
- I--I'm not sure I do. Um.
Oh, hey, Coach,
you're gonna want to watch--
ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
- Ow?
- Ow!
- Uh, are you okay, Kent?
- I don't know, I think I might
have sprained something.
I'm not a doctor.
It just hurts. Ow!
- Okay, I'm gonna get some ice.
- Yeah.
- Ow?
We need some ice!
Hey, we need some ice!
- What, are you worried
you're gonna get hurt?
This is the "Daily Planet"
softball team
we're talking about.
It's not some
underground fight club.
- Jimmy's right.
You should join.
You love baseball.
- Yeah, I--I know.
Just, I've never
actually played.
- Neither has most of the team.
- Okay, ignore my sister.
She and your fiancé
hang out all the time.
But what about us? Come on.
Can't we be pals?
- We already are, aren't we?
- Friends hang out
outside of work.
What better way to do that
than by taking back our trophy
from those pretentious jerks
at "The Star"?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, what do you say?
You in?
- Jimmy, I'm sorry,
I'm just--I'm really swamped
with this Intergang story
right now.
- See? I told you he'd say no.
Always does.
- Right. Maybe next time, CK.
- You know we don't have any
leads on the Intergang story.
- I can't join a softball team.
My dad never wanted me to play
sports for obvious reasons.
But especially
now with Superman,
I can't risk drawing
attention to myself.
- No matter who you are, you're
still allowed to have friends.
- I have friends.
- Not friends all the way
in Smallville.
Friends you can
actually hang out with.
- It doesn't matter.
If I played, I'd be cheating.
- Then don't cheat.
Be terrible.
It's not about winning.
- Be terrible.
Be terrible.
Well, not terrible.
I could--oh! Oh, I could bunt!
I could be the bunt guy!
I love bunts!
- Great.
I don't know what that means.
But, yes, you see,
you can do it.
- Yes, I can do this.
Thanks, babe.
Uh, hey, Jimmy?
Had a thought.
How low are your expectations?
- I saw the first one
four times.
[laughter]
Now I plan on taking
a drink every time
there's a severed limb.
[laughter]
- There he is.
The star quarterback.
- Dude, I told Gaines
I can't play.
Position's yours.
- Because that's the only way
I could get it, right?
I could never dream
of beating you.
- Timmy, what's your problem?
- My problem is that I worked
my ass off for football
while the Wonder Twins here
have superpowers.
- Wait, you think
we have powers?
- Do you hear how crazy
that sounds?
- Always wondered how you
were so good as a freshman.
I had to take X-K
just to keep up.
But that's because you were
super-powered this whole time.
- That's not what happened.
- Stop lying.
I know it's true!
- I'm not lying.
- Yes, you are.
Why don't you show them
who you are?
- Get out of my face.
You ruined my life, Kent.
- I'm not gonna
get out of your face.
Why don't you show
them who you are!
- Get out of my face!
[tense music]
- Whatever's going on here
is done, okay?
- You've ruined my life, Kent.
- I think you should leave.
- Fine.
Fine.
Superboy wins again.
♪ ♪
- Okay, open. Surprise!
- It's so...
big.
[chuckles]
- Okay, you might wanna
have Kyle do a safety check.
- It's lovely.
Thank you.
It's just...
We actually need to talk.
Maybe you should sit down.
[soft apprehensive music]
- Okay.
- So me and Kyle, we've
been looking and looking,
and we finally found a house.
Lois, it's the house.
- That's amazing.
- Except it's not even
remotely in our price range.
And I've been over and over it,
and the only way we'll ever
be able to afford it is...
if I sell my share
of the "Gazette."
- Chrissy.
- I'm really sorry.
- Well, you don't get to make a
decision like that without me.
I thought we were
building something here.
- We are.
We were.
- We're supposed to be a team.
- And I love our team.
I really do.
But I'm about to have
a new team.
And the way this baby stomps
on my bladder every minute,
they're gonna need a yard
to run around in.
- No, I get that.
Of course I do.
I just--if you sell,
that could mean the end
of the "Gazette."
- And that's the last thing
I'd ever want.
Working with you
has been a dream.
I have to do this
for my family.
Do you hate me?
- No, of course not.
I'm happy for you.
I'm just sad to lose this.
- I'm really sorry.
But this baby's kicking
around in there again,
and I have to pee,
like, right now.
♪ ♪
- Hey, I got your message.
Everything okay?
Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You're selling your grill?
- Look, Kent, I got one kid
getting ready to study abroad,
I got another one
growing up way too fast,
and now a baby on the way.
There's no way around it.
I'm--I'm flat broke.
But that particular
tragedy is not what
I wanted to talk to you about.
- Well, what's going on?
- It's about Timmy Ryan.
I saw him earlier today
with the boys.
He was accusing Jon
of cheating at football
and then talking about
how he didn't think
it was fair that he
should have to compete
for a spot against Superboy.
- Okay, so now
Timmy Ryan knows.
Is there anyone in this town
I don't have to worry about?
- I mean, I know
it can't be easy
always having to keep yourself
a secret from all your friends.
[cheers and applause]
- That's right, baby!
Come on, Smallville!
- You got this. Come on, CK.
Bring me home, baby!
[cheers and applause]
- Whoo!
Yeah, baby!
- [cheering]
CK bringing me home
in the bottom of the ninth
with an epic bunt?
What got into you?
- First rule of Meteors
legend Ray Coyle's book.
If you can't bunt,
you can't win.
- You're a madman,
and I absolutely love it.
Hey, Lane.
Hey, how's it feel to
be dating the big hero?
- Same as always.
- You're a lucky lady.
Don't you ever forget it.
- Yeah, I think we know
who the lucky one is.
- Hey, you and me, man, this is
the start of something great.
You hear me?
- Next thing I know,
you're gonna be trying out
for the big leagues.
[laughter]
- Is that too much?
Should I have struck out?
- No, it was great.
And that smile looks
good on you too.
- Well, I've never been
part of the team before.
I didn't know it
felt this good.
- I hate having
to lie like that.
- You didn't, though.
Not really.
And besides,
Malcolm and Wellnitz
just thought
he was crazy anyway.
- Yeah, but he's not.
And we just let them
make fun of him for us.
- With him coming
at us like that,
we didn't really have a choice.
Besides, Timmy
was wrong anyway.
You didn't even have
powers back then.
- Yeah, but I can't say that
and defend myself.
I had to lie about it.
- Having powers
isn't always awesome.
Welcome to the club.
- Chrissy wants out?
- Yep.
She already called
that awful conglomerate
that tried to buy us out
a while back.
- But reporting
is her superpower.
And you two make a great team.
- I know.
Boys, dinner!
- Well, they must be desperate.
Kyle is selling his grill.
- What?
Grilling is his superpower.
There's gotta be another way
for them to get their house.
- Hey.
So I hear Timmy Ryan
knows you two have powers?
- He doesn't know.
Not for sure, anyway.
But he was pretty mad.
- Okay, so I'm gonna have
to add him to the list.
Look, just tell me now.
Is there anyone else
who might know?
- Candice knows.
- You told your girlfriend?
- He didn't. I did.
- What? When?
- When she was visiting.
- She's known since the 4th?
- Well, I had to keep
sneaking off to help Mom,
and she knew I was lying.
- So this is my fault?
- No!
And I wasn't gonna tell her,
but she was really hurt,
and she was about to break up
with me.
- Then you let her.
- Dad, come on.
- Don't even start with me.
You should know better.
- Yeah, I do.
'Cause I lost Sarah
for the same reason,
and I didn't want Jon
to have to go through that.
- This isn't about
what you want.
That wasn't your
decision to make.
- We can trust Candice.
- You can't possibly know that.
She's 16.
She doesn't even
live in Smallville.
- Like everyone in this town
isn't already
telling everyone else about it.
- I'm fixing that.
- Sure, you are.
- What don't you two get?
The secret is everything.
It's the only thing that gives
us a chance at a normal life.
- This life is hardly normal.
- But it's
the only one we have.
So both of you
will do everything you can
to protect it from Candice
or Timmy or anyone.
Is that clear?
- Fine.
♪ ♪
[pensive music]
- Boys, we need to talk
about your father.
- You mean about how he went
off at us for no reason?
- It wasn't without reason.
- Candice deserved
to know the truth.
- Give me that.
- Hey!
- I was just about to win!
- This isn't about Candice.
Your father has been keeping
this a secret his whole life.
- We know.
He only holds it over our
heads, like, all the time.
- But I still don't
think you understand
what it actually means.
Do you know how old your
dad was when he got powers?
He was four.
And his parents,
they meant well,
but they were so hard on him
whenever he used them.
- We know what that's like.
- He was just
a little kid, Jordan.
And his parents were
terrified that if anyone
found out what he
was capable of,
he'd be taken away from them.
So he grew up
with that constant fear.
- That's not going
to happen now.
- I know,
but keeping this secret
is truly all he's ever known.
- Until he told you.
- Mr. Irons,
Miss Lang, Chrissy.
- But there are so many
other people he didn't tell.
And these are people who
were really important to him.
He was on an island,
isolated for so long.
- Okay, but that
was his decision.
- Yeah, and he made it
with good reason.
Listen, all I'm asking
of you guys
is to cut your dad some slack.
He might act like
keeping this secret
didn't cost him anything,
but I promise you,
it is not true.
[cheers and applause]
- Hey.
How many innings did I miss?
- How many innings
are there in softball?
- Nine.
- Then eight.
Which means
there's still one left.
- I got here
as quick as I could.
There was a freighter sinking
off the coast of Greece.
- Well, well, well.
There's the face I wanted
to see about two hours ago.
- Jimmy, I'm sorry. I--
- I get it.
Traffic's crazy these days.
Come on, get out there.
Game's tied.
We need the Bunt King.
- See? Jimmy's not even mad.
- Yeah, this time.
- Well, maybe there
won't be a next time.
- There's always gonna be
a next time.
I told you, joining this
team was a bad idea.
- No, it wasn't.
And you can't let tomorrow
ruin today.
Now, get out there.
You bunt all over that field.
- Okay.
- You're selling your grill?
- We need the money, babe.
- I get it.
I tried to sell my stake
in the "Gazette."
- What?
No, Chrissy, the "Gazette"
is not a grill.
That's--that's your life.
- I know.
But it would have
been more than enough
for the down payment.
And don't worry.
I could find another job
after the baby is here.
- Yeah, but that is
a big life decision.
- Doesn't even matter anyway
'cause the only lead I had
turned out to be
a shell corporation for Luthor.
By the time I put out
more feelers...
- House will be off the market.
Well, look,
I'll sell everything then--
my grill, my truck.
And believe it or not,
that singing trout on the wall,
that's a collector's item.
- Oh, Kyle, no.
No, it doesn't matter
what we sell.
We're not gonna
have the money in time.
That house is just--
it just wasn't meant to be.
You know, raising a baby
in a tiny studio apartment
with no in-unit washer/dryer
isn't the worst thing
of all time.
[soft music]
♪ ♪
- Dad?
- We wanted to say we're sorry
about Candice.
- And that we
probably should have
handled things differently.
- I appreciate that.
Look, I hope you guys know
I'm not trying
to make your lives miserable.
I'm trying to make them better.
- We get that.
- And we wanna help.
- Well, good.
Because there's something
the three of us need to do.
- Timmy, your friends are here!
I am so glad
you stopped by, Clark.
It's been too long.
- It has.
I wish it was under
better circumstances.
I think our boys had
a little disagreement,
so I just wanted to come over
and clear the air.
- A disagreement?
About what?
- About them
hiding their powers
because Mr. Kent is Superman.
- [laughs]
That's very flattering,
but I--that's simply not true.
- Honey, I went to school
with Clark.
He was just a normal kid.
- Just like how Jon and Jordan
are pretending to be.
- Just because Jon's
better than you at football
doesn't mean that
he has powers.
- Don't lie to me.
I was there on Main Street.
I saw you fly.
- Timothy, are you
using drugs again?
- What? No.
- Look, I'm sure it's just
an honest misunderstanding.
- No, it wasn't.
- Enough.
- Whatever.
- Timmy!
I am so sorry about that.
- Well, there's no need
to apologize.
- Let me go talk to him.
And please, send Lois my best?
- Yeah.
[soft tense music]
- Guess this means you can
cross Timmy off your list.
♪ ♪
- Jimmy?
Hey, wait up.
- We missed you
at the game, CK.
It was a close one.
- Yeah, I know.
The craziest thing happened.
You're--you're not
gonna believe it.
- Yeah, I don't think I will.
- Sorry?
- The craziest thing doesn't
happen three games in a row.
I was starting to think
it was me.
Maybe you just didn't
wanna hang out.
- No, see, my neighbor's cat
got out again, Miss May, and--
- Then it hit me.
There's a pattern here.
It sounds crazy at first,
but it explains a lot.
- Oh, it's just a streak
of bad luck, really.
- Actually, I'd say
everyone involved
turned out to be
pretty damn lucky.
[soft tense music]
♪ ♪
Crashing helicopter.
A blown out train track.
A falling elevator
at the Eiffel Tower.
Every game you miss,
Superman was making a save.
- I'm not sure I follow.
- You and I,
we're friends, right?
- Yeah, of course.
- It's you.
You're Superman.
- [laughs]
Uh, Jimmy, I honestly don't
even know what to say to that.
- Just the truth. Nothing else.
Clark Kent, are you Superman?
- No, I am not Superman.
- Hmm.
I still don't believe you.
- No offense, but--
- Guess we'll just
have to wait and see.
The championship game
is on Friday.
So, hopefully,
nothing crazy happens.
♪ ♪
- How did it go?
They didn't believe you?
- They did.
Timmy's mom, anyway.
- It really sucked.
- Are they okay?
- Yeah.
It'll take time,
but they'll get used to it.
- I hope you're right.
- Are we in the market?
- No, but I couldn't
stop thinking
about Chrissy and Kyle,
and I have an idea
to run by you.
- Well, this is
a nice surprise.
The four of us haven't
gotten dinner in a long time.
- Yeah, what's the occasion?
- We thought there might
be a reason to celebrate.
- Yeah, Lois showed me
your new house.
You two must be so excited.
- Uh, well, we actually just
decided to stay put for now.
Down payment was a lot and, uh,
I didn't have any takers
on my grill.
- Yeah, nobody wants to invest
in media right now, so.
- Actually, we have
buyers for you.
- Wait, what? Who?
- Us.
We wanna buy you
out of the "Gazette."
- Come again?
- My dad
never took a vacation
and wore the same six
Hawaiian shirts for 30 years,
so he left us some money,
and we wanna invest it.
- In your new family.
So your baby has a nice home
to grow up in.
- Oh.
Well, look,
y'all heard Chrissy.
We--we can't let y'all throw
away your money like that.
- Well, you wouldn't be.
When I first bought
into the "Gazette,"
it was because I wanted
to work with you.
And I also believed
that we could make it
something really special,
and I still believe that.
- Lois.
- I'm not ready
to give up on us.
- And we don't want
anything to change.
You'd both still be co-editors,
and if you ever wanted
to buy back your half,
that door is always open.
- Please let us
do this for you?
[soft music]
- Yeah.
- Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Thank you guys so much!
I just love you guys.
[laughter]
- Oh, see, this does
call for celebration.
And dinner's on me.
I'm not taking no
for an answer.
- Leftovers.
- I'm not hungry.
- Dude, I'm bummed about
Timmy, too, but you gotta eat.
- Is it always gonna feel
like this?
- I hope not. Probably.
- I'm starting to get why Dad
doesn't have any friends.
- Dude, Dad has friends.
Mr. Irons, Mr. Cushing.
- When was the last time he
actually hung out
with one of them
or did anything fun?
Having to lie like that
to everyone all the time,
he missed out on so much.
It's sad.
I don't wanna end up like that.
- At least we always
have each other.
- No offense,
but do you really want
to be one of those
weirdo twins who only
hangs out with each other?
- I don't know.
- Didn't think so.
- I'd like to make a toast.
Kent, when we were
growing up, you--
well, you pretty much
kept to yourself.
We all know why now.
But, listen, I wasn't
always the nicest to you.
- Oh, well, that's--
that's true, actually, yeah.
- And when y'all first moved
to Smallville,
you and I didn't really
see eye to eye.
- That is putting it lightly.
- Oh, wait a second.
Did I get knocked up
by the town bully?
- All right, I make no excuses.
But, look, I think
that's what makes this--
this all so much more special.
Despite all that, my acting
a fool, the two of you,
you've been there for us
every step of the way.
To the two kindest,
most loyal people I know
who I couldn't be prouder
to call our friends.
- To the best of friends.
- Friendship.
- To--
[high-pitched warbling]
[footsteps echoing]
Emmitt Pergande.
- Candice's dad?
What about him?
- He just walked in.
- And he doesn't look right.
- There he is.
Clark Kent, my old buddy.
- What's he doing here?
- A little birdie told me
something about you.
[tense music]
And I couldn't wait to
come by and chat about it.
- He knows who I am.
- So, Kent, you wanna know
what that little birdie
told me?
- Mr. Pergande,
I'd be happy to talk
if we could just step outside.
- You always wanna
step outside, don't you?
Where no one can see.
Not this time.
We're gonna do this right here
in front of everyone.
Now, after you slammed me
against that counter,
I wondered, how could
some mild-mannered nothing
make a fool out of me
in front of everyone?
But that was all a lie
'cause you're not really
nothing, are you...
Superman?
[tense music]
- Look, I don't know
what you've been told,
but I've known Clark here
my whole life,
and he is not Superman.
- I guess it's not enough
to lie to the whole world.
Now you got your friends
lying for you too.
- That's enough.
I think everyone in here
would like to eat in peace
without your lunatic ramblings.
- Really?
'Cause I think they'd
like to know the truth.
Which they sure ain't
gonna get from you,
Lois Lane, covering for your
husband's alien ass
for the past 20 years.
- Do not speak
to my wife like that.
- Then admit it.
You're no hero.
You chased me out of town.
I've been living
out of my damn car.
Does that make you happy?
Making regular people
like me feel small?
- All right, buddy,
that's enough.
I think you need--
- Don't you come any closer.
- Kyle, get back here.
- Now, I'm not leaving until
everyone here knows the truth.
Even if I have to
prove it myself.
There's nothing to worry about,
though, is there, Superman?
Being bulletproof and all.
- Put the gun down.
- You made me look
like an idiot.
- You don't wanna do this.
- Quit lying!
- Emmitt, please.
[gunshot]
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[bullet tings]
- He was right.
It is you.
- Buddy, I got it from here.
Taking you to Deputy Johnson's.
♪ ♪
- I'm sorry I lied
to you all for so long.
- So who told Mr. Pergande?
- It wasn't Candice.
She promised me she hasn't
seen her dad in months.
- I believe you.
- I just got a text
from Chrissy.
Guess who Emmitt served
time with at Stryker's.
- Luthor.
Which is why
he's been so quiet.
He's been setting this up.
- To use the secret against us.
- He must have known
that Candice's dad
would come back for revenge
as soon as he heard the truth.
- Hey, Emmitt was the first.
He definitely
won't be the last.
Luthor will keep
sending people, unless--
unless we don't
keep it a secret.
- Clark, that is not
our only option.
- I know.
And I've been hiding this
my entire life.
But when Emmitt
fired that bullet...
I started to think maybe this--
maybe this is doing
more harm than good.
- You realize this
would change everything?
- Which is why it needs
to be a family decision.
This would put all of us
in the spotlight,
take away your chance
at ever having normal lives.
And there'd be no going back.
- We're with you, Dad.
- Yeah, totally.
- I'm always with you.
♪ ♪
- I'm sorry, boys.
I just wanted to give you
the kind of life that I had.
- You did,
for a really long time.
- And whatever comes next,
we'll get through this
like we always do.
As a family.
- You are sure about this?
- Yeah.
Yeah, it's time.
- Then I know just who to call.
♪ ♪
You having second thoughts?
- No, just, uh,
hate being on camera.
- I'm really proud of you
for doing this.
I mean it.
You've fought aliens and
stopped worlds from merging.
But this may be the hardest
thing you've ever done.
♪ ♪
- Oh.
Um, hey.
Hi, I'm Clark.
- Yeah.
- Hi. How you doing? Hi.
Thanks again
for the fuzzy flannel.
How you doing? Hi.
Yeah.
- How you feeling?
- Uh, ready.
- Good, because I'm pretty
sure the whole world
will be watching.
- All right, everybody,
quiet on set!
We are live in five, four,
three, two...
[dramatic fanfare plays]
- Good evening.
Ever since his first heroic
save nearly 20 years ago,
the entire world has
been asking the question,
who is Superman?
And today, we finally
have our answer.
I'm Janet Olsen,
coming to you live
from Smallville, Kansas, where
I'm sitting in Superman's home.
He has been living
among us all along
and is now ready
to reveal himself.
Would you introduce yourself?
- My name is Clark Kent.
And, yes, I am Superman.
- Full disclosure, I've known
you as Clark for years.
We worked together
at the "Daily Planet."
The greatest secret of all time
was right in front of me,
and I never had a clue.
How is that possible?
- Um, it took a lot of work
to keep that secret.
And you'd be surprised what
a pair of glasses will do.
- Why come forward now?
- When I was starting out
as Superman in Metropolis,
being a hero was easy.
And in Smallville,
I was just Clark Kent.
And why would anyone
suspect otherwise?
I kept my abilities hidden.
Never used them
for my own gain.
And for a lot of years,
that worked.
[soft music]
Uh, but then I--
I died.
And some people thought
they saw something.
I tried to change their minds,
but...
I made good people
doubt themselves, and that--
that felt wrong.
And finally, I saw the strain
that my double life
was putting on my family,
and...
I decided
it was time to let go.
But despite all of that,
keeping the secret, it's--
it's all I've ever known.
- Putting yourself out there
to the world,
how does that make you feel?
- Nervous, but also excited.
Every day of my life,
I've had to hide a huge part
of who I really am.
And now I won't
have to do that.
- What do you most want
people to know about you?
♪ ♪
- That I'm just a regular guy.
- But you're
anything but regular.
- Okay. Fair, fair.
But, you know,
beyond the powers,
you know, I'm a husband, um,
I'm a father
to two amazing sons.
When they were little,
being Superman, I missed a lot.
And I made a lot of mistakes
and struggled to--
to balance it all.
You know, but really, I'm just
like anyone else out there
who loves their family and,
you know,
wants to be better for them.
- I think we can all relate.
Let's back up.
Who were your parents?
- And we are clear!
Great work, everybody.
[applause]
- Was it okay?
I didn't really know
what to do with my hands.
- Trust me, you were great.
- Better than great.
You crushed it.
[phone rings]
- I should take this.
Was there anything I missed?
- Uh, actually, yeah.
There is one thing.
- After many long years,
team "Daily Planet"
finally sent
the "Daily Star" packing!
Yeah, all right!
And the Metro Cup is back home
where it belongs!
[cheering]
- Hey, Jimmy?
Congrats.
Sorry, I don't really know
what to say.
- It's fine.
I guess something crazy
happened again.
At least Supes got the day off.
No saves, as far as I can tell.
I get it now. I was wrong.
You just didn't wanna play.
- No, no, no, no, I really did.
Honestly, I just--
- It's fine.
Hey, we won.
You--you and me, no one said
we have to be buds.
All right, team, let's go!
Last one to Bibbowski's
picks up the tab!
[cheering]
- You missed the game
on purpose, huh?
- It's the only way
to keep the secret.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
I'm used to it.
[pensive music]
♪ ♪
- Are you sure?
- Yeah, I'm good here.
You go ahead.
- Our phone's been blowing up
since your interview.
- But we can handle it.
And we're gonna head to Timmy's
in a bit to apologize.
- Okay, I--
I guess I'm off then.
- It's gonna be great.
And you look good
without the glasses.
Come on, get out of here.
- Morning, Mr. Kent.
- Hey, Denise.
- Back here, CK.
- Hey, Jimmy.
Thanks for coming.
- My sister didn't exactly
give me a choice.
You know how she is.
- Yeah. [laughs]
Um...
Look, I just wanna say I'm--
I'm really sorry.
- It's fine. I get it.
I missed you too, pal.
We have so much to catch up on.
But first, being the Bunt King?
That was genius.
- Oh, you think so?
- For sure.
The way you bunted
with the tip of the bat.
- Yeah, I thought it
might have been too much.
But that's the...
♪ ♪
- Greg, move your head.